README.md, before:

# Confetti Invite – GitHub Pages Starter

A tiny React + Vite site that shows a letter icon which explodes into confetti and reveals a message with a **Navigate** button to open maps for: `12721 S Dixie Hwy, Pinecrest, FL 33156, United States`.

## Local dev
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Build
```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Deploy to GitHub Pages
1. **Create a GitHub repo** (any name works) and copy the repo name.
2. The Vite config automatically detects the repo name from the `GITHUB_REPOSITORY` environment variable during CI builds, so no manual edits are required for GitHub Pages. If you need to force a custom base path, export `VITE_BASE_PATH="<your-repo-name>"` before running `npm run build`.
3. Commit & push all files to the **main** branch:
   ```bash
   git init
   git add .
   git commit -m "feat: initial commit (Generated by Soopy <3)"
   git branch -M main
   git remote add origin https://github.com/<your-username>/<your-repo>.git
   git push -u origin main
   ```
4. In GitHub → **Settings** → **Pages** → set **Source** to **GitHub Actions** (it may already be auto-detected by the workflow).
5. The `Deploy to GitHub Pages` workflow will build and publish `/dist`. After it finishes, your site is live at:
   ```
   https://<your-username>.github.io/<your-repo>/
   ```

### Troubleshooting
- If the page shows a blank screen or 404 on refresh, ensure the workflow logs include a `GITHUB_REPOSITORY` value. You can also export `VITE_BASE_PATH` (or `BASE_PATH`) during the build to force a specific base path.
- If Tailwind styles don’t load, ensure `src/index.css` is imported in `src/main.tsx` and that the `content` globs in `tailwind.config.js` include your `src/**/*.tsx` files.
- If GitHub Actions reports that the lockfile is missing, run `npm install` locally once to generate a real `package-lock.json` and commit it. The workflow uses `npm install --no-audit --no-fund`, so a generated lockfile will be respected but isn't strictly required for successful builds.
- If the **Navigate** button doesn’t open the native maps app on mobile, your device/browser may block the scheme. It will always fall back to Google Maps in a new tab on desktop.

---

Generated by Soopy <3

Commit message:

fix: ensure gh pages assets resolve

README.md, after:

# Confetti Invite – GitHub Pages Starter

A tiny React + Vite site that shows a letter icon which explodes into confetti and reveals a message with a **Navigate** button to open maps for: `12721 S Dixie Hwy, Pinecrest, FL 33156, United States`.

## Local dev
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Build
```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Deploy to GitHub Pages
1. **Create a GitHub repo** (any name works) and copy the repo name.
2. The Vite config automatically detects the repo name from the `GITHUB_REPOSITORY` environment variable during CI builds, so no manual edits are required for GitHub Pages. If you need to force a custom base path, export `VITE_BASE_PATH="<your-repo-name>"` before running `npm run build`.
3. Commit & push all files to the **main** branch:
   ```bash
   git init
   git add .
   git commit -m "feat: initial commit (Generated by Soopy <3)"
   git branch -M main
   git remote add origin https://github.com/<your-username>/<your-repo>.git
   git push -u origin main
   ```
4. In GitHub → **Settings** → **Pages** → set **Source** to **GitHub Actions** (it may already be auto-detected by the workflow).
5. The `Deploy to GitHub Pages` workflow will build and publish `/dist`. After it finishes, your site is live at:
   ```
   https://<your-username>.github.io/<your-repo>/
   ```

### Troubleshooting
- If the page shows a blank screen or 404 on refresh, open the deployed page’s **View Source** and confirm asset URLs start with `./assets/`. If they begin with `/assets/`, rebuild with `VITE_BASE_PATH="<repo-name>" npm run build` so the correct base path is embedded.
- If Tailwind styles don’t load, ensure `src/index.css` is imported in `src/main.tsx` and that the `content` globs in `tailwind.config.js` include your `src/**/*.tsx` files.
- If GitHub Actions reports that the lockfile is missing, run `npm install` locally once to generate a real `package-lock.json` and commit it. The workflow uses `npm install --no-audit --no-fund`, so a generated lockfile will be respected but isn't strictly required for successful builds.
- If the **Navigate** button doesn’t open the native maps app on mobile, your device/browser may block the scheme. It will always fall back to Google Maps in a new tab on desktop.

---

Generated by Soopy <3
